[Music]
now Polynesians today this tutorial very
special because the party is approaching
most important father here in mexico 15
September 16 and on that date the
Mexicans we become crazy us
together with family or friends
and we prepare Mexican castles and
some we dressed with hats
charro we can baths the color of
our flag for example I'm going to
put on this mask that sent it to me
star fernanda of acapulco
it's very nice I send you a greeting if
you want to send us a drawing
when I am going to leave a letter in the
description house our section
postcard so if you 're from mexico you're going to
prepare some dish for the outside
September I have you two super ideas
easy and delicious and if you are not from
mexico you will learn to make the peak
of the rooster and the guacamole that are sauces
typical and delicious here in mexico
all the dishes that I'm going to show you
to make are some delicious chips with
meat with typical sauce called pico
of rooster and a roll of cream cheese that
It carries within guacamole institutions in
mexico at last you will learn how to
Make the guacamole and let's see how it is done
to make these chips first in a
pan a little oil you are going to put
half an onion and you will not leave
to move when your onion is already
transparent let's put the meat if a
you do not like onions you can omit
this step and you're going to move your flesh
this way these are 500 grams that
approximately yields for 3 people and
now so you know much richer you're going to
put some soy sauce sauce
english
water powder
and salt
but not everything very well until here and
is cooked when finished sewing
let cool for a while to accompany
our totopos with meat we are going to
prepare a pico de gallo for that you're going to
need to diced very
chiquitos a chile morrón do not be scared
This chili does not bite at all and if not
you know is in this way you are going to cut
equal in small squares a tomato
and a quarter of onion you add the
juice of a lemon a little pepper and
salt to taste to be richer in
the personal thing I like with a
trickle of olive oil
now if you're going to stir everything
you have the ones you like
cymbals spikes can you give us a
little tree chili when you have
list your meat in your pico de gallo now
on a large plate you are going to put a layer
of totopos the tortilla chips are tortillas
turned of these are with salt and without salt
I recommend you to be without salt because
already the meat has enough flavor and everything
I would know very salty now you are going to put
over your flesh over a little bit of
melted cheese in this case I would
I put in La Mancha and finally we
there are our snacks of totopos with
meat
[Music]
this delicious first let's start
preparing the filling that is a rich
guacamole let's use an avocado that
be mature that means that this
negrito of this part I am the difference
this is a ripe avocado and this is not
This is a little greener among more
negrito is better let's take the
shell the avocado and we will put it
on a plate there are many ways to
prepare guacamole but my way
favorite is this besides the guacamole
it is harder and for the roll
We need him to be hard because if not
you can go out with a fork you're going to
crush the avocado among more mature
This step is going to be easier and
that you've crushed while watching avocado
to add the juice of a lemon and
add some coriander finely
chopped and it's not a full guacamole
but a little chili I'm going to put
Serrano chile slices you can
put him as a serrano or a tree if he does not
like the spicy do not worry you can
omit it and still it tastes delicious and what
add to our guacamole
finally put a little salt to taste
come, it's super easy to make guacamole and
it tastes delicious then you're going to open a
clean bag so that you stay like this
on top of the bag you are going to put a bar
of cream cheese and you're going to cover it like that
Now with a roller you're starting to
expand your cream cheese the cheese has
to be as cold as possible to take care of
be matched do not leave it too thin
more or less the width has to be the
half of your little finger since you have
your cheese tortilla you are going to remove the
plastic with care
and you're going to put your guacamole
Now you 're going to roll it up, you 're going to win the
tip your bag and you're gonna start
fold then you are going to remove the plastic
and you are going to double again as there
your roll is going to put the
freezer for 15 minutes as there
removed your roll from the freezer in a
dish with a bit of sesame and fountain
Roll over
finally powder in a dish to
serve it and that's the way we have left our
snacks for a Mexican night
[Music]
[Applause]
good themselves but let's all be from
you 're really super super delicious and very
easy to do to assemble these changes
they are to be a recipient with meat and
you eat it or you go out so that later you serve
on a set but served is not so in
big on your table and everyone can grab
also the clip that is the cheese roll
cream with guacamole brothers is super
super delicious all that you can
find in the supermarket so no
you worry about the ingredients because
takes it with the comments what holidays
homelands leave in their countries and well that
in dates because maybe you can
teach to do in this channel something
typical of those countries and linares and you
voice this cash in your country the holidays
patrias do not forget to vote on this page
by the following tutorial and remember that
the comments that have the most votes with
new recipes are those that are put in
the page goodbye Polynesians
chorizo ​​sausage ham or what you
you want porn and you're going to let them cool
where the quilas eat then then
[Music]
at the end your drinks will look like this and
will be ready to be enjoyed